[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure
that the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want my
treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into the
Great Pirate Era!
♪ Opening Song
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR]
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a fierce battle
at the bottom of the sea,
the Straw Hat Pirates
depart for the deadly waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
That's not what
the volcano says!
The island is right there!
Who cares about
some dumb needles?
Hey. This is weird.
They don't normally cry.
What's wrong, buddy?
Does your stomach hurt?
No. That's a distress signal.
Someone close by
is calling for help.
If I pick it up,
can I hear them?
Wait, Luffy!
More than half of
those calls are fake.
This is likely just a trap.
[RANDOM MAN 579A sobs]
Someone help!
My friends are getting
cut down one after another!
The samurai is gonna kill us!
The what now?
Wait up. Who? Samurai?
And where are you?
[RANDOM MAN 579A sobs]
Please hurry!
We're on the island
of Punk Hazard!
We don't have much time left!
[ROBIN]
Well, that settles it.
This is where
the call came from.
[USOPP]
He said "Punk Hazard" for sure.
[USOPP panting]
[ROBIN] It's not so bad.
Those aren't houses.
Clearly, they're some sort of
government research facilities.
It's behind us. Huh?
My goodness.
[screams]
Oh, wow. Those things
are real? Crazy!
No way.
Whatever this is,
it must be a trick.
Those things're
only in fairy tales.
And yet just look at it.
What else could it possibly be?
[LUFFY] "A Battle in the Heat!
Luffy VS. the Giant Dragon!"
Whoa. So cool!
[LUFFY laughs]
That's awesome!
Yeah? You think
getting eaten is cool?
[DRAGON 579A roars]
[LUFFY]
Check him out, everybody!
[USOPP]
No thank you!
[DRAGON 579A growling]
[LUFFY]
Dude, he growls and everything!
[LUFFY laughing]
[LUFFY]
How badass is this?
Huh?
[KIN'EMON]
Who goes there?
Huh?
[ALL gasp]
[USOPP gasping]
[screams] Please don't eat me!
Hey, what the hell was that for?
[LUFFY]
Listen!
Huh?
He was talking! I heard him!
[USOPP] Bah! I think the
heat's getting to you, pal.
[LUFFY]
I dunno.
M-Maybe it isn't even a dragon.
It could be something
way more dangerous!
It sure looks like
one though, doesn't it?
It does. That's
a dragon for sure.
A lizard-like body
with massive wings.
That's exactly the way dragons
are described in all the myths.
--Whoa.
--Uh-oh.
Run away!
[LUFFY gasps, laughs]
So it can breathe fire, too?
[LUFFY cheering]
I don't know what I was
expecting, but come on, really?
[chuckles] Bring it on.
[gasps]
[laughs]
[roars]
I'm not letting you
have all the fun!
Second Gear!
Now, Gum-Gum...
[LUFFY]
...Jet Bullet!
Oh no!
Huh? You got some
thick skin, huh?
[gasps]
Look! Behind you!
[LUFFY gasps]
Whoa!
[DRAGON 579A growls]
[USOPP shrieks]
It sees us!
You're mine!
Knock it off,
you're making it angry!
[USOPP gasps]
[KIN'EMON] Poot!
I can sense your presence!
[ZORO gasps]
[USOPP gasps]
Oh, I see now.
Luffy was right.
That thing really can talk!
[ZORO]
Three-Sword Style!
[roars]
[ZORO]
Ultra Tiger Trap!
[roars]
[ZORO gasps]
[ZORO] Damn it! This guy
is one stubborn lizard!
[LUFFY growls]
Back off!
[ZORO]
Luffy!
Huh?
[ZORO]
I heard him talk, too.
I told ya!
Yeah, I heard it, too! But how?
[roaring]
[USOPP gasps]
[LUFFY, ZORO gasp]
Oh, great, now he's flying!
[gasps] That's crazy!
[KIN'EMON] Poot! Are you also
allies of the Seven Warlords?
[ALL gasp]
I don't follow.
Yeah, what are you
talkin' about?
[ALL gasp]
He's breathing fire again.
No time to run!
We're as good as fried!
[USOPP]
Running anyway!
[USOPP screaming]
[panting]
[sighs]
[ALL]
I'm burning up!
[SANJI humming]
[SANJI]
Just you wait, Nami.
I'll make you a dessert
as sweet as you are!
Oh! I know!
All we need to do is adjust
our perspective, everyone!
You see?
If you pretend you're in a
sauna, the heat feels lovely!
[sighs] Man, it's
so hot out here,
I'm startin' to
super sweat cola!
[NAMI]
How weird.
The sky above the
island is split in two.
Half is hot and
half is freezing.
I wonder why?
[CHOPPER]
I hope the others don't melt.
[NAMI]
Huh? What was that?
You okay?
I feel... faint.
I'm lightheaded, too.
Perhaps I'm dying again. Ugh.
Oh, crap.
Are my cola levels getting
too low or something?
[FRANKY groans]
[CHOPPER]
Wh-What's happening?
Huh? Not me, too...
[USOPP panting]
[ROBIN panting]
[BOTH gasp]
[USOPP] Ugh. It's hot.
And worse than that...
Talking dragon!
[pants] He mentioned
the Seven Warlords.
So could he be
an enemy of theirs?
[USOPP gasps]
It's melting!
[panting]
Luffy. Just leave
this blowhard to me.
I'll cut him to
pieces in no time.
Sure. Go ahead. But first...
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!
Let me bring him to ya!
[LUFFY]
Heh.
[LUFFY gasps]
[LUFFY groans]
It feels like he's
on fire, too! [gasps]
Huh?
[KIN'EMON]
Poot!
I feel a breeze all of
a sudden, how curious!
Huh?!
[KIN'EMON] The flames are
nipping at my tender flesh!
[KIN'EMON] Ah! Have mercy!
That tickles! Poot!
[BOTH laughing]
[KIN'EMON] Stand down!
Such dishonorable behavior!
Ha! I was right!
Hey, guys! You won't
believe this!
There's some weird fancy-pants
guy stuck in the dragon's back!
Huh? What the hell
is he talking about?
That means the voice we've
been hearing must be...
[gasps]
[roars]
[LUFFY gasps]
All right, that's enough!
Eat this if you're hungry!
[LUFFY yells]
[chuckles]
[chuckles] Stupid!
Hey! Heads up!
[ZORO]
Usopp!
You got it!
Special Attack.
Green Star!
[USOPP]
Trampolia!
[ZORO]
One-Sword Style.
[DRAGON 579A growls]
[roars]
[ZORO]
Iai.
Death Lion Song! You're done!
[USOPP laughs]
Yeah! Zoro!
[ZORO chuckles]
[laughs]
[LUFFY]
I bet this thing is delicious!
[ZORO] There's enough fire
around to barbecue it.
[LUFFY]
Now you're talkin'!
[laughs]
Here! Cien Fleurs!
[LUFFY giggles]
[SANJI]
Nami swan!
A cold crepe to go with
the shellfish, just for you!
I got some champagne, too-- Huh?
[SANJI]
Uh, are you guys sleeping?
[snoring]
It's foggy.
[SANJI]
That's not fog.
[SANJI] Damn, I already
inhaled some of it.
It's some kind of sleeping gas.
Is this just a normal
occurrence in the New World?
[SANJI] Or did somebody
sneak onto the ship?
[SANJI] I hope the
rest of the crew took
a baby transponder snail
to the island with them.
[SANJI] I have to find
a way to tell them.
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATE 580A]
We've got two humans,
one cyborg,
and some sort of pet.
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATE 580A]
Tie them all up!
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATES]
Right!
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATE 580A]
It's a good thing they're just
lowlife pirates.
So no one's even going to
miss them. How convenient.
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATE 580A]
The master will be
pleased with this.
[NARRATOR] Luffy and
his friends rescue a man
from the dragon's flames,
but the crew is astomished
when they notice something
surprising about his appearance.
Elsewhere on the island,
Sanji and his cohorts are
abducted and find themselves
locked inside a strange area.
Once there, the team
stumbles upon something
they never could have predicted.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Straw Hats Stunned!
Enter: A Samurai's
Horrifying Severed Head!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!